i want a portifolio for someone that designs portifolios making it short and eye grabbring and everything should be displayed on one page. as you scroll over items, names, icons the pages should pop up. use known logos or official logos. utilize loading animations. bento boxes.never use to much wording or text.make sure its not cramped and to small.[ask me clarifying questions until you're 95% confident you can complete the task successfully.]  DESIGN RULES 1. Color Palette- use the 60-30-10 ( 60% dominant color, 30% secondary color/s, 10% accent color) 2. Typography- stick to 3 fonts max 1 for headings, 1 for subheadings, 1 for body text 3. White space- Leave whitespace in three spots 4. Composition- Divide layout into 3x3 grid use the 4 golden spots which are the corners of the middlebox of the grid where people's eyes land.( top left corner 41%, top right 20%, bottom left 25%, bottom right 14%) place the key content in those areas in respect of most important content as to the spot with the highest visibility. 5. content should be in grids: use FITT'S LAW (Closer and bigger = Easier to click), Jakob's Law (People like what they already know. use familiar layouts and styles), Miller's law (People can remember 5-9 things at once. thats how many blocks of content should be there in a single page/ grid.).Hick's Law (More choices = more time to decide, place choices accordingly to required outcome.) Law Of Proximity ( things close together feel connected. so related blocks of content should be grouped together or things we intend to be related.) make design Minimal. use the colors in option_2.jpg.  for colors blend the colors in the option_2.jpg with the respective color in the pasted text making gradients where neccesary but sticking mainly with the colors in option_2.jpg also show that portfolios are promoted on sites like behance, dribble,medium, careerfoundry,adobeportfolio. for official sites and companies mentioned in portifolio just use thier official icons and visually represent everything.   